# safety_assurance_intersection_handling_system
In this project, we provide a set of assurance models for an intersection handling system. The models are specified in FASTEN: https://sites.google.com/site/fastenroot/features/

According to definitions and taxonomy provided by the SAEJ3016 standard regarding on-road motor vehicle automated driving systems, the system in scope for our analysis is classified as a SAE level 3 automated system. A SAE level 3 in vehicle automation system, controls the vehicle when enabled within a constrained ODD and requests the driver to take over control of the vehicle when the specified conditions inside the ODD are not longer met. While handling intersections limited visibility can expose traffic participants to hazardous scenarios potentially leading to severe accidents. The scope of the system is to reduce the number of accidents that end with severe injuries or loss of life by enabling an additional level of control over the dynamic behavior of the target vehicle in coping with traffic participants and occupants (TPO) and vulnerable road users (VRU) approaching and interacting in an urban intersection environment. In the description of the operational design domain (ODD) for our SOI, the term VRU refers to pedestrians and bicyclists, while TPO refers to trucks, passenger cars and motorcycles. 

The SoI enables automated control of the ego vehicle to handle urban intersections while operating in real world conditions. The SoI is able to acquire local data from sensors and remote data from the infrastructure describing the TPO and VRU located and their location inside the intersection. By considering this data, the proposed SoI generates lateral and longitudinal controls actions towards in vehicle systems to control the dynamic of the ego vehicle.

More coming soon ...
